---
title: Yodlee and JPMorganChase strengthen decades-long partnership with updated Data
  Access agreement
url: https://www.yodlee.com/company/yodlee-and-jpmorganchase-updated-data-access-agreement
date: '2025-11-07'
author: renee.hobbs
feed_url: https://yodlee.com/blog/rss.xml
---
Yodlee and JPMorganChase strengthen decades-long partnership with updated Data Access agreement renee.hobbs Fri, 11/07/2025 - 04:19 This updated agreement paves the way for more innovation for JPMorganChase customers and the broader financial services community RALEIGH, N.C., Nov. 7, 2025 — Today, JPMorganChase (JPMC) and Yodlee further strengthened their 20-year partnership through an amendment to their existing Data Access agreement, which includes mutual commitments and a pricing structure. This is the latest step in the long-standing relationship between the two companies, who together are developing new, innovative solutions that will shape the future of open finance and financial wellness for JPMC customers and the broader finance community. “Over the past two decades, we have worked closely with Yodlee to deliver critical financial services to our customers,” said Melissa Feldsher, Head of Consumer Payments at JPMorganChase. “As we look ahead, our collaboration will help improve financial wellness solutions for our customers and the overall open banking ecosystem.” “JPMorganChase and Yodlee have a shared commitment to delivering the next generation of open finance to a wide range of customers,” said Farouk Ferchichi, Chief Executive Officer, Yodlee. “Together, we are building innovative financial wellness solutions for millions of U.S. customers, informed by JPMorganChase’s deep expertise and the trillions of dollars in spending, income and wealth represented on the Yodlee platform.” About Yodlee Yodlee is a leading data aggregation and analytics platform for financial service providers with more than 25 years of industry leadership. As a valued partner of some of the country’s largest banks and financial service firms, Yodlee helps market-defining leaders grow their business and drive customer satisfaction. To learn more, visit https://www.yodlee.com/company . About JPMorganChase JPMorganChase (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America, with operations worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.6 trillion in assets and $360 billion in stockholders’ equity as of September 30, 2025. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional, and government entities. Media contacts Yodlee Kelly DeAngelis, Pilcrow Group Kelly@PilcrowGroup.com JPMorganChase Drew Pusateri drew.pusateri@chase.com Blog Yodlee Recommended for You
